`sample_from_image`: fix rounding issue (#494)
lumicks/pylake: changelog.md

#### Bug fixes

* Fixed bug that could lead to mutability of `Kymo` and `Scan` through `.get_image()` or `.timestamps`. This bug was introduced in `0.7.2`. Grabbing a single color image from a `Scan` or `Kymo` using `.get_image()` returns a reference to an internal image cache. This numpy array was write-able and modifying data in the returned image would result in future calls to `.get_image()` returning the modified data rather than the original `Kymo` or `Scan` image. Timestamps obtained from `.timestamps` were similarly affected. These arrays are now returned non-writeable.

> * Fixed a bug that would round the center of the window to the incorrect pixel when using `KymoTrack.sample_from_image()`. Pixels are defined with their origin at the center of the pixel, whereas this function incorrectly assumed that the origin was on the left side of the pixel. The effects of this bug are larger for small windows.

Reviewer: bottom or top side of the pixel depending on how you plot, left is temporal
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug that would round the center of the window to the incorrect pixel when using `KymoTrack.sample_from_image()`. Pixels are defined with their origin at the center of the pixel, whereas this function incorrectly assumed that the origin was on the edge of the pixel. The effects of this bug are larger for small windows.
```
